"Realizations. In some teachings, the students become better than even teachers, and their grant
students become even better than their teacher and grant teachers.
So the continual lineage is really great. Lineage is nothing but loving kindness and compassion,
wisdom, and respect and appreciation to all beings exploring our beauty in a college of Buddha
nature that we inherited.
And glorify, shine that really will be accorded their capabilities and the readiness of others.
That's what they did.
And today we are remembering our great lead teacher, Kinti Pati Sherab Rinpoche, who attended Mah
aparinirvana about 11 years.
Today, we will create this short praise here, and then we are going to insert some other praise. I
will tell you how we do this.
However, we are really remembering his kindness, his wisdom in the congregation, his old
instruction that he taught us.
More than that, he stands for the Dharma, himself being a practitioner. Dharma is truly what he
said. He kept that teaching to his heart.
It's not just something that he says something and doing something else. But he kept truly the
teaching in heart and showed the example, Tori.
A legacy, beautiful example to all of us. So today, we are remembering this great, beautiful
teacher yet so humble and so simple, don't hurt, care you.
We all played with him. We walked with him. We did many and so many good things. Good things and
ordinary things, mundane things, we really moved.
But yet, all blending perfectly, beautifully into the Dharma. Peaceful, loving kindness, compassion
, non-attachment in a way, grasping, that's really what he showed us.
So we again, remember this and do this praise. Thank you, everyone.
I think there's a couple of different versions. Is this calling the Rama from Lamshepa?
No, this is Lamshepa. Yeah, this is Lamshepa. So Kune-la Rama from Lamshepa, I mean, it's not that
that's Lamshepa.
So another version, that's page five.
Another version, that's page five. Another version here, Mike. I have this version, page 39. So
either one you choose, okay?
I mean, whatever you have. Thank you, everyone.
By your kindness, very blissfulness is distantly gone.
Lamsan, you of your life produce tool. I bow down to the loaded speed of the Dharma.
Lamsan, you are the Buddha. Lamsan, you are the Dharma. Lamsan, you are the Sangha.
In fact, Lamsan, you are the master of everything.
I bow down to the divine body's speed to an omnipotence, neglected by all the Buddhas.
I am dead toward the abyss of the lower realms. You can muster us to the path of liberation.
Great Captain, I bow down to you. Not knowing what is right and wrong, I wander aimlessly on
mistaken paths, with the gloom becoming ever higher.
I praise you for the light of my vision. Seeing your body changes perceptions.
By the power of a fraction of the remains of your bodies, the worst negativity is purified.
This is so endless. I bow down to you to benefit whoever you encounter.
By hearing you, I learn when it's right and wrong, and am protected from the great bliss of bad
content.
The nature of your teaching is the truth of the path and cessation.
I praise the great melodious voice of you who liberates upon hearing.
Even if I put forth great effort, realization won't come.
By the power of your concentration, I am instantly matured.
It is when I develop the ocean that my realization will shine.
I bow down to the inconceivable power of the absolute truth.
Even by going through hardships or three countless eons, and enduring torture of all the senses, it
is difficult to attain the state of the body suffer.
I bow down to the one who shows directly the unmistakable result.
Long among you are the precious Buddha. I have no other hope than you.
Please look at me with your eyes of compassion and liberate me from the ocean of samsara.
In this life, may everything be accomplished perfectly, without invincibles or obstacles.
And at the moment of my death, can I recognizeingly the alike luminosity?
Please liberate me from the difficult passage to the art of.
May all the activities of my body, prestige, and mind always benefit others.
Whatever circumstances arise, may they become the path to enlightenment.
Please transform them right now.
Is it difficult to cross with my effort? I will protect it by the bow of your compassion.
Let powerless beings such as me and all others reach the land of nirvana.
Whoever likes me, or whoever criticizes or argues with me, may all their aspirations be exhausted.
May everything emotions release, and may they be freed from the rivers of cyclic existence.
Finally, even by hearing my name, may all wishes of beings be fulfilled.
In all pure lands and defined directions, may clouds of inexhaustible abundant offerings rain down.
By the power of this merit, may all beings be absolutely freed from samsara, gain the two supreme w
isdoms,
and spontaneously fulfill the two beneficial activities.